Unify MQ related plugins' tags for virtual MQ (#351)
apache/skywalking-java: docs/en/setup/service-agent/java-agent/Java-Plugin-Development-Guide.md

In order to decide which `op` should be converted to flexibly , It's better that providing config property .
Reference  [Jedis-4.x-plugin](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-java/blob/main/apm-sniffer/apm-sdk-plugin/jedis-plugins/jedis-4.x-plugin/src/main/java/org/apache/skywalking/apm/plugin/jedis/v4/JedisPluginConfig.java)

#### Virtual Message Queue (MQ) Relative Tags

SkyWalking analysis MQ performance related metrics through the following tags.

```java
    public static final StringTag MQ_QUEUE = new StringTag(7, "mq.queue");
    public static final StringTag MQ_BROKER = new StringTag(8, "mq.broker");
    public static final StringTag MQ_TOPIC = new StringTag(9, "mq.topic");
    public static final StringTag TRANSMISSION_LATENCY = new StringTag(15, "transmission.latency", false);
```
* `mq.brokers` indicates MQ address ,SkyWalking organize the value as service . Both of consumer , producer must record the tag , and ensure the value is consistent .
* `mq.queue`   indicates MQ queue name 
* `mq.topic`   indicates MQ topic name , It's optional as some MQ don't hava concept of `topic`

> * `transmission.latency` The transmission latency from consumer to producer . Usually you needn't to record this tag manually ,instead to call  `contextCarrier.extensionInjector().injectSendingTimestamp();` to record tag `sendingTimestamp` on producer side , and SkyWalking would record this tag  on consumer side if `parentSpan`(from producer side ) contains `sendingTimestamp`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `transmission.latency` The transmission latency from consumer to producer. Usually you needn't to record this tag manually, instead to call  `contextCarrier.extensionInjector().injectSendingTimestamp();` to record tag `sendingTimestamp` on producer side , and SkyWalking would record this tag on consumer side if `sw8-x` context carrier(from producer side) contains `sendingTimestamp`
```
